README.md, before:

# KVMDash Frontend

<table style="border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%;">
    <tr>
        <td style="width: 150px; padding: 10px; vertical-align: middle;">
            <img src="src/assets/kvmdash.svg" alt="KvmDash Logo" style="max-width: 100%;">
        </td>
        <td style="padding: 10px; vertical-align: middle;">
            KVMDash is a web application that enables the management of Virtual Machines (VMs) on Linux systems.
            With a user-friendly interface, KVMDash facilitates the administration and monitoring of virtualization environments.
        </td>
    </tr>
</table>

## Features

### VM Management
* Create, delete, and configure VMs and containers through the web interface.
* Use templates for quick and standardized VM creation.

### System Monitoring
* Real-time monitoring of resources such as CPU, memory, disk usage, and other important system metrics.
* Clear visualization of system performance for optimal control and error analysis.

## Demo Videos

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ec76e8fa-f9b1-487d-87a8-6d370dbfb73c

## System Requirements

* Node.js 18.x or newer
* npm 9.x or newer
* KVMDash Backend (separately installed and configured)

## Installation & Configuration

### 1. Clone Repository

```bash
# Download repository
git clone https://github.com/KvmDash/KvmDash.front.git kvmdash-frontend
cd kvmdash-frontend
```

### 2. Initialize Git Submodules

```bash
# Initialize and fetch Spice-HTML5 submodule
git submodule init
git submodule update
```

Alternatively, you can clone the repository directly with submodules:

```bash
git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/KvmDash/KvmDash.front.git kvmdash-frontend
cd kvmdash-frontend
```

### 3. Set Up Frontend

```bash
# Configure SPICE HTML5 Client
cd src/assets/spice-html5
cp package.json.in package.json
sed -i 's/VERSION/0.3/g' package.json

# Return to main directory
cd ../../..

# Install dependencies
npm install
```

### 4. Configure Backend Connection

Open the file `src/config.ts` and adjust the backend settings:

```javascript
/// Test environment
// export const BACKEND_PORT = 8000; // Backend port
// export const BACKEND_HOST = 'localhost'; // Backend hostname/IP address

export const BACKEND_PORT = 80; // Backend port
export const BACKEND_HOST = 'kvmdash'; // Backend hostname/IP address
```

### 5. Start Development Server

```bash
npm run dev
```

After starting, you can access the KVMDash Frontend at http://localhost:5173.

### 6. Build for Production

```bash
npm run build
```

The build files can be found in the `dist` directory and can be deployed on a web server of your choice.

## Note

This frontend requires a connection to the KVMDash Backend (https://github.com/KvmDash/KvmDash.back)  to function properly. Please ensure that the backend is available and correctly configured.

Commit message:

docs: add development server limitations for remote console
- Add warning about WebSocket limitations in dev environment
- Document SPICE console requirements
- Clarify production server requirements in both README files
- Add note about persistent console sessions
- Improve deployment documentation structure

README.md, after:

# KVMDash Frontend

<table style="border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%;">
    <tr>
        <td style="width: 150px; padding: 10px; vertical-align: middle;">
            <img src="src/assets/kvmdash.svg" alt="KvmDash Logo" style="max-width: 100%;">
        </td>
        <td style="padding: 10px; vertical-align: middle;">
            KVMDash is a web application that enables the management of Virtual Machines (VMs) on Linux systems.
            With a user-friendly interface, KVMDash facilitates the administration and monitoring of virtualization environments.
        </td>
    </tr>
</table>

## Features

### VM Management
* Create, delete, and configure VMs and containers through the web interface.
* Use templates for quick and standardized VM creation.

### System Monitoring
* Real-time monitoring of resources such as CPU, memory, disk usage, and other important system metrics.
* Clear visualization of system performance for optimal control and error analysis.

## Demo Videos

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ec76e8fa-f9b1-487d-87a8-6d370dbfb73c

## System Requirements

* Node.js 18.x or newer
* npm 9.x or newer
* KVMDash Backend (separately installed and configured)

## Installation & Configuration

### 1. Clone Repository

```bash
# Download repository
git clone https://github.com/KvmDash/KvmDash.front.git kvmdash-frontend
cd kvmdash-frontend
```

### 2. Initialize Git Submodules

```bash
# Initialize and fetch Spice-HTML5 submodule
git submodule init
git submodule update
```

Alternatively, you can clone the repository directly with submodules:

```bash
git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/KvmDash/KvmDash.front.git kvmdash-frontend
cd kvmdash-frontend
```

### 3. Set Up Frontend

```bash
# Configure SPICE HTML5 Client
cd src/assets/spice-html5
cp package.json.in package.json
sed -i 's/VERSION/0.3/g' package.json

# Return to main directory
cd ../../..

# Install dependencies
npm install
```

### 4. Configure Backend Connection

Open the file `src/config.ts` and adjust the backend settings:

```javascript
/// Test environment
// export const BACKEND_PORT = 8000; // Backend port
// export const BACKEND_HOST = 'localhost'; // Backend hostname/IP address

export const BACKEND_PORT = 80; // Backend port
export const BACKEND_HOST = 'kvmdash'; // Backend hostname/IP address
```

### 5. Start Development Server

```bash
npm run dev
```

After starting, you can access the KVMDash Frontend at http://localhost:5173.

### Important Note about Development Environment

The development server does not support WebSocket connections required for the SPICE remote console. 
The following features are only available in a production environment with Apache/Nginx:
- SPICE remote console
- WebSocket connections to VMs

For full functionality, especially the remote console feature, a production web server (Apache/Nginx) 
with WebSocket support is required.

### 6. Build for Production

```bash
npm run build
```

The build files can be found in the `dist` directory and can be deployed on a web server of your choice.

## Note

This frontend requires a connection to the KVMDash Backend (https://github.com/KvmDash/KvmDash.back)  to function properly. Please ensure that the backend is available and correctly configured.
